JAMES BOND THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN GRAPHIC FRAMED ART PRINT - BY KING & MCGAW

Part of a collaboration with English fine art printers King & McGaw

Shipping Information. Due to King & McGaw's shipping and customs regulations, this print can only be delivered within the UK. We are sorry for any inconvenience caused.

Each framed print is made to order so please allow two weeks for delivery..  

Details. The James Bond The Man With The Golden Gun Graphic Framed Art Print - By King & McGaw can be mounted and framed in your choice of handcrafted wooden frames in a range of sizes. This print, mount and frame is handmade to the highest museum standards at King & McGaw's Sussex workshop. Also available unframed. 

Featuring the 1973 iteration of the iconic 007 gun logo, this graphic repeat print is from the West German premier poster created for the release of The Man With The Golden Gunin December 1974. 

Small art print
Product size: 30 × 40 cm
Image size: 20 × 32 cm

$25


JAMES BOND COLLECTOR'S EDITION ROULETTE WHEEL - BY CAMMEGH

Bring the casino home with the James Bond Collector’s Edition Roulette Wheel from world-leading roulette wheel makers, Cammegh.

Apart from your own personal croupier, the luxury set has everything you need for a casino night, including a perfect half-size replica of the Cammegh roulette wheel used by the globe’s finest casinos. Each set also contains a Bond Archive-certified poker chip as used in Casino Royale’s Texas hold’em poker game scene at the Hotel Splendide.

Details. This individually numbered 007 collectors edition set contains a casino-grade half size wheel, 560 coloured wheel checks, 140 value casino-grade chips, a roulette layout cloth, ball, dolly and playing guide. Up to seven people can play at once. The roulette wheel is precision-engineered by Cammegh in their factory in Kent, using the same exacting manufacturing techniques and materials used in their casino grade wheels. Cammegh’s signature scalloped separators contrast elegantly with the piano gloss black finish of the Bond wheel, while the curved ball-stops ensure maximum randomness in every game.

A precision engineered roulette wheel with scalloped separators, finished in piano black.
Featuring 007 logo in place of the 7 pocket position.
A nickel-plated turret engraved with 007 logo.
Luxury betting cloth with full-size roulette grid featuring 007 logo.
700 casino grade colour wheel checks and Casino Royal inspired value chips.
Nickel-plated “dolly” win marker.
5 x 12mm Ivorine roulette balls.
A Casino Royale poker chip prop from the Bond Archive.
The luxury set is housed in two glossy black presentation cases, each with uniquely numbered 007 metal plaques.

$13250